# Croissant
<html>
  
  <a href="https://github.com/DQGriffin/Croissant/releases/download/v1.0rc2/Croissant.app.zip">Latest release</a>
  
  <h1>OVERVIEW</span></h1><p class="c0"><span>Croissant is a tool that helps you build IVR menus in bulk. It&rsquo;s designed to be quick and easy to use. No buttons, dials, or settings. Just drag, drop, and done.</span></p><h1 class="c4" id="h.oymnw3nlvwib"><span>USAGE</span></h1><ol class="c11 lst-kix_w1b687jpl7aq-0 start" start="1"><li class="c0 c8 li-bullet-0"><span class="c1">Export the BRD as an excel file</span></li><li class="c0 c8 li-bullet-0"><span class="c1">Drag and drop the BRD into the Croissant window</span></li><li class="c0 c8 li-bullet-0"><span class="c1">Check your downloads folder for the auto-generated Auto-Receptionist.xml file</span></li><li class="c0 c8 li-bullet-0"><span>Upload the file in Service Web</span></li></ol><h1 class="c4" id="h.x5u0l8hx0kbh"><span>THINGS TO KNOW</span></h1><h2 class="c2" id="h.jltys38rhgql"><span>Automatic Prompt Type Detection</span></h2><p class="c0"><span>If the text in the Prompt Name/Script column contains .wav or .mp3, Croissant will assume the prompt is an audio file and build the menu accordingly. Be sure to upload any audio files prior to uploading the Auto-Receptionist.xml file.</span></p><h2 class="c2" id="h.6x8rkjwa8fzc"><span class="c6">Prompt Sanitization</span></h2><p class="c0"><span class="c1">Croissant will automatically remove invalid characters from text-to-speech prompts. Where appropriate, Croissant will replace invalid characters with textual equivalents. For example, the ampersand (&amp;) will be replaced with &ldquo;and.&rdquo; While colons and parentheses will be removed entirely.</span></p><h2 class="c2" id="h.kz4lxdjp635b"><span class="c6">Extension Number Isolation</span></h2><p class="c0"><span>Croissant will remove any characters that aren&rsquo;t numbers from the destination column. This allows customers to type in this column naturally. They can enter an extension number </span><span class="c9">and</span><span class="c1">&nbsp;the name of the extension with no formatting restrictions.</span></p><p class="c0"><span class="c1">One downside here is that extension names that contain numbers will cause issues. See examples below.</span></p><p class="c0"><span class="c1">Ext. 1230 - Sales | Croissant will remove all characters that aren&rsquo;t numbers and set 1230 as the extension number.</span></p><p class="c0"><span class="c1">Ext. 1920 - Reception 2 | Croissant will remove all characters that aren&rsquo;t numbers and set 19202 as the extension number</span></p><h2 class="c2" id="h.2qjo1nx4zba6"><span class="c6">Call Flow Documentation</span></h2><p class="c0"><span class="c1">Croissant will automatically generate flowcharts for all IVR menus in the BRD. This works out of the box with no additional effort from you or the customer. This feature works best if the customer includes the extension names in addition to the extension number in the destination columns. Croissant will place the generated flowcharts in a folder called &ldquo;Call Flow Documentation,&rdquo; located in your downloads folder.</span></p><h2 class="c2" id="h.1znt563keu4g"><span class="c6">Menus That Repeat</span></h2><p class="c0"><span>Using Croissant, you </span><span class="c9">can </span><span class="c1">add numeric key presses that repeat the menu without the use of a virtual user or queue. I wouldn&rsquo;t recommend doing this though. It will work, but customers won&rsquo;t be able to change the key press to another number.</span></p><h1 class="c4" id="h.cyjex855wt9y"><span class="c7">QUESTIONS</span></h1><h2 class="c2" id="h.gexbngp99u7u"><span class="c6">Does Croissant impose any formatting restrictions?</span></h2><p class="c0"><span class="c1">No. Croissant was designed to be easy to use. The BRD can be filled out naturally with no special considerations.</span></p><h2 class="c2" id="h.9emj6vxgobh4"><span class="c6">How many menus can I build at once?</span></h2><p class="c0"><span class="c1">Croissant doesn&rsquo;t impose any limitations on the number of menus you can build at once.</span></p><h2 class="c2" id="h.qgjhu68yrc3e"><span class="c6">Why do some key presses say &lsquo;undefined?&rsquo;</span></h2><p class="c0"><span class="c1">This is a quirk of how the portal builds the menus. If Menu B has a key press that routes to Menu A, the portal will build the key press with an undefined destination if Menu A does not exist when the file is uploaded. To fix this, just upload the file again.</span></p><h2 class="c2" id="h.mcxtcwiz5375"><span class="c6">Can I add, remove, or rename columns on the IVRs sheet?</span></h2><p class="c0"><span>No.</span></p></body></html>
